README.md, before:

# User Space Tools for Western Digital My Cloud DL2100 NAS Systems

This repository contains reimplementations of various user space tools for power,
LED, and temperature management of Western Digital My Cloud DL2100 NAS Systems.


## WARNING

Modifications to the firmware of your device may **render your device unusable**.
Moreover, modifications to the firmware may **void the warranty for your device**.

You are using the programs in this repository at your own risk. *We are not
responsible for any damage caused by these programs, their incorrect usage, or
inaccuracies in this manual.*


## GETTING STARTED


### Prerequisites

The packages *python*, *python-serial*, and *python-smbus* need to be installed
in order to use the tools:

    apt install python python-serial python-smbus


## GET LATEST VERSION

Find documentation and grab the latest version on GitHub
<https://github.com/michaelroland/wdnas-dl2100-hwtools>


## COPYRIGHT

- Copyright (c) 2017 Michael Roland <<mi.roland@gmail.com>>


## DISCLAIMER

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.


## LICENSE

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

**License**: [GNU General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt)

Commit message:

Use hddtemp for hard disk temperature monitoring

README.md, after:

# User Space Tools for Western Digital My Cloud DL2100 NAS Systems

This repository contains reimplementations of various user space tools for power,
LED, and temperature management of Western Digital My Cloud DL2100 NAS Systems.


## WARNING

Modifications to the firmware of your device may **render your device unusable**.
Moreover, modifications to the firmware may **void the warranty for your device**.

You are using the programs in this repository at your own risk. *We are not
responsible for any damage caused by these programs, their incorrect usage, or
inaccuracies in this manual.*


## GETTING STARTED


### Prerequisites

The packages *python*, *python-serial*, and *python-smbus* need to be installed
in order to use the tools:

    sudo apt install python python-serial python-smbus

Moreover, *hddtemp* is necessary in order to monitor the hard disk temperature:

    sudo apt install hddtemp


## GET LATEST VERSION

Find documentation and grab the latest version on GitHub
<https://github.com/michaelroland/wdnas-dl2100-hwtools>


## COPYRIGHT

- Copyright (c) 2017 Michael Roland <<mi.roland@gmail.com>>


## DISCLAIMER

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.


## LICENSE

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

**License**: [GNU General Public License v3.0](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt)
